# Today's highlight
- [x] Wifi Scan Demo?

# Notes
- Still need to fix on wifi PR:
	- Stack alignment
	- Verify SDIO bus HW is different, there is extra pull up
	- Fix [[STM32L5 (52_62_xx)]] HW Ticker timing, and accuracy
	- How to properly integrate it into the OS
	- Fix Wifi Dynamic Mac address generation 
	- Configure Wifi wake up pin

- ugh the thought is gone now.

# End of day
- Okay the system ticker issue is still very much unresolved and will require some level of design discussion. Something to take care of on Monday.

# What do I find myself pay #ATTENTION to?
Almost everything in front of me?
1. How things work
2. How does the leafs in my back yard decompose? The pile in front of the door? All the details in cracks on the floors.
3. How I need to sleep more, yet always stay up late.
4. The long list of things need to get done for the house
5. All the interview I need to do, and how to negotiate these offers
6. How to effectively clean?
7. Cutting through [[Manage Complexity|complexity]]...we are in a world full of complex systems, infinitely interacting with each other.
My goal is to figure out how to write, what to write, things I can write that can be published. Does it matter if it is worth publishing?
A lot of my method for dealing with [[Manage Complexity|complexity]] is really just:
- look at how other systems does it and copy that. 
- Or start grouping behaviour/system/things together, and group the interactions between the groups. Start putting x into buckets/pigeonholes

Hmm This brings up a good question? this is how humans manage [[Manage Complexity|complexity]], but creating groups and abstractions because of our limited mental capacity.

Is there something I can try? Publicly discuss what is my curiosities?
[[Show Your work!#4 Open up your cabinet of curiosities]] 

#spelling_of_the_day
- Guarantee (Gua-ran-tee)
- Infinitely (In-fini-te-ly)