# Monday 04/05

Date: April 5, 2021

# Must accomplish

- [ ]  Document Patchtool usage for Mehak's test plan
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields, and example config for different FW version and use case
- [x]  Understand decommission mode changes
    
    ~~2.75V battery voltage, shutdown only, vs decommissioning~~
    
    ~~TMP117 ready could be missed, need timeout for tmp117 reading, make sure config fields are written to default~~
    
    BMA456 fifo read timeout
    

# Things to keep in mind

- ESD changes for decommission, need to figure out who should do that
- Temperature accuracy spike, current theory is algorithm possibly increase temp
    - Next step quantify CPU cycle each algorithm take in worse case
    - Reproduce with CPU busy loop, and measure possible temp increase
    - Eric's investigation with Ozone is getting blocked, I am concerned that it is taking too much time
- The temperature sample from TMP117 in p2.1 batch is slightly higher, we might need to do a offset in firmware
- Windows build might explode any time now
- Monday morning standup + afternoon planning is starting to get awkward

# TODO

- [ ]  Really figure out a better way to do python.
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - ~~Brandon Wallace~~
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - karthik, hi
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team

---

- [ ]  Compare the changes nanopb encode/decode message change after expanding pb_field_t size to 16
- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  FT260 support I2C and GPIO
- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [ ]  Debug unlock tooling for factory and test team
- [ ]  Look into converting provisioned patch back to unprovisioned, basically shutdown.

---

# Notes

- 

---

# What am I grateful for today?

# What I could done better today?