# Monday 04/19

Date: April 19, 2021

# Must accomplish

- [ ]  Verify temp spike are okay with data science folks
- [ ]  BLE side channel info characteristic

# Things to keep in mind

- The temperature sample from TMP117 in p2.1 batch is slightly higher, we might need to do a offset in firmware
- Windows build might explode any time now

---

# Notes

- Sam FW plan discussion
    - Critical user journey
    - T-shirt size workload estimate
    - clear mandate push hard for mid june, finish 1.4 features
    - Mid June, 510K sub in Sep
    - How to live in world in 510K world
    - Focus on single Chemo use case
    - RPM push
- People are just putting meeting on my calendar and expect me to do work

---

# TODO

- [ ]  Document Patchtool usage for Mehak's test plan
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields, and example config for different FW version and use case
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - karthik, hi
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build

---

- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Fix BMA456 fifo reading
- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [ ]  Debug unlock tooling for factory and test team
- [ ]  Look into converting provisioned patch back to unprovisioned, basically shutdown.
- [ ]  FT260 support I2C and GPIO

---

# What am I grateful for today?

The coffee walk to Davis Sq, getting our car back from the shop. Going to fresh pond for a walk was amazing. The good news of potentially adopting a dog.

Feels like one of the first day I got to be the lead of the team and setting a plan.

# What I could done better today?

We are spending too much money.