# Monday 2/22

Date: February 22, 2021

- [ ]  Prepare engin sync notes, 4PM

Deltas between 1.3.2, vs master, vs planned release, in the 4pm eng sync today?  Some specifics that I think would be good to review to help decide what to use would be:

- What bugs (if any) have been found and fixed since V1.3.2 was released?
    - Mainly feature adds, RR, temp algo improvement needing to handle 24 hours reset
    - Uart pins not ESD resistant yet
- Are there any known unfixed bugs currently in V1.3.2 or master?
    - Algo improvement for 24 hours
    - 
- What features have been implemented and at least sanity check tested since V1.3.2 was released?
    - 
- What features have not yet been implemented and won't be available until the formal release?
    - Decommission?
    - BMA456 FIFO reading changes
    - Raw temp sample uploading
    - Dynamic algo config
- [x]  Core compression algo implement
- [x]  Clarify with Suhas on core temp single single sig
- [x]  Setup design review meeting with Lixin and Robbie
- [ ]  Update core temp master codec for 2 sigfig, but need real data to do this.
- [ ]  Setup tpatch FW requirements specification
- [ ]  Figure out what is the max acceptable temp data upload latency

---

### tpatch leads sync

- What is the test strategy for 1.3b? What can we test within the FW?
- When is the drop to dead date for mfg delivery of FW

### Tpatch eng sync

- What is the HW dates? When the NIP line building, jabil building
- P2.1 HW build started, with ESD FW
    - ESD testing starting today
- Fishfood 2/22 - 3/23
- SW testing depend on P2.1 HW before going into validation study
- **4/27** is the projected date for Jabil FW delivery
- Making this Friday **MORNING** the delivery date