# Monday 03/29

Date: March 29, 2021

# One thing to accomplish

- [ ]  Implement extend cobs encoding

# TODO

- [ ]  Move over to Python3.9, and really figure out a better way to do python.
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - karthik, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team

---

- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [ ]  Compare the changes nanopb encode/decode message change after expanding pb_field_t size to 16

---

# Notes

- Things to bring up for planning on monday:
    - Release new tpatch-fw that fixes bug
    - Is the test team testing FF4RC6? Since it is so important for us to get deals?
    - We need hermetic cloud container to do any CI test with encrypted traffic
    - EEs are evaluating possible improvement to decommissioned mode behaviour, to protect ESD event accidental decommissioning
- FW team only
    - Mobile engineers are pitching in on Cloud work, this is a option for us also.
    - We want to go full steam ahead and start add large breaking features
    - But there is still minor changes/bug fixes we want to make to the firmware
    - Releases flow and mechanisms
- To expand pubsub bridging
    - Extend pubsub message to any length possible
    - Need to extend protobuf message encoding size, what happens if we extend nanopb pb_field_t size?
        - Is it backward compatible? Or do we care?
        - The server should be able to handle it fine.
        - How to verify the extension actually works? Need to verify nanopb build it correctly.
    - Also extend the COBS framing, really just mark the zero delimiter later
- I am nervous with the taxes issue, both MA and Federal.
- Wait why is QMS work meant for Verily, blocking the project right now?
    - Lixing: "It is just documentation", "Volunteering Sam", super-opinionated in term of features

### The story of updating Python3.9

- Just going through the PR and updating the build version
- build is segfaulting, at first we think it is openhtf cause of the unit test failure, but later....
- Turns out pc ble driver py actually doesn't work with python3.9, so start the long road of upgrading pc_ble_driver_py
- it need pc_ble_driver 4.1.4
- right now the wheels are build, but untested.....
- The gnbuild system somehow can't find the wheel unless it is run with -v verbose mode

```bash
# in side vcpkg nrf-ble-driver is conrolled at and can be updated
$ ports/nrf-ble-driver/portfile.cmake
# Need to update the sha516 hash but can be done with trail and error
```

---

# What am I grateful for today?

Making small progress towards the project....very candidate conversation with Eric.

# What I could done better today?