# Monday 03/22

Date: March 22, 2021

# One thing to accomplish

# TODO

- [x]  Investigate Rel mode crash
- [x]  Tech review slides for tpatch FW
- [ ]  Extract out the tech debt from planr into a wiki page, and update it
- [ ]  List out larger feature works to be completed
- [ ]  Breaking out all the events and their upload frequency for the default algo config in a table? (Steve manual setup)
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
    - [ ]  Why can a wheel be build into empty, and how does wheel building actually work?
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Functional tests for:
    - [ ]  Core temps compression
    - [ ]  raw sensor upload test
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [ ]  Follow up with immigration lawyers on TN application
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?

---

# Notes

- What are the questions I need to prepare for Ryan?
- How do we extend cobs encoding? Or even handle protobuf message that is larger than 256 bytes?
    - Okay maybe just unit tests for now

---

# What am I grateful for today?

1:1 sync with Ryan got some good direction on GN, it doesn't seem like he have a big plan for it.

Let's start setting up the digital garden

# What I could done better today?

Share the workload with new bug triaging.