# Thursday 03/25

Date: March 25, 2021

# One thing to accomplish

- [x]  Talk and farewell

# TODO

- [x]  Breaking out all the events and their upload frequency for the default algo config in a table? (Steve manual setup)
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team

---

- [ ]  Fix patchtool crash when ble dongle not plugged in
- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  How to extend cobs encoding
- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number

# Notes

---

# What am I grateful for today?

OMG farewell day, it sucks so much.

# What I could done better today?

so much meeting, need to figure out what to do next. I need to start focus.

I am so tired, I feel like I need to start focus more.