# Tuesday 04/13

Date: April 13, 2021

# Must accomplish

- [x]  Add prepared write support to nrf dongle
- [ ]  File devzone ticket on why BLE qwr does not work

# Things to keep in mind

- The temperature sample from TMP117 in p2.1 batch is slightly higher, we might need to do a offset in firmware
- Windows build might explode any time now
- ~~Monday morning standup + afternoon planning is starting to get awkward~~

---

# Notes

---

# TODO

- [ ]  Document Patchtool usage for Mehak's test plan
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields, and example config for different FW version and use case
- [x]  ~~Really figure out a better way to do python.~~Pyenv
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - ~~Brandon Wallace~~
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - ~~Steve S~~
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - karthik, hi
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [x]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team

---

- [ ]  Fix BMA456 fifo reading
- [ ]  Compare the changes nanopb encode/decode message change after expanding pb_field_t size to 16
- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  FT260 support I2C and GPIO
- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [ ]  Debug unlock tooling for factory and test team
- [ ]  Look into converting provisioned patch back to unprovisioned, basically shutdown.

---

# What am I grateful for today?

Sync with Nehal today, and shooting the shit with Steve.

It seem the instinct is build visions and frameworks, I would like the data sciences team to come to us with requirement on what to build and what use case they like. Instead of us guessing the what the user need or want. 

# What I could done better today?