# Tuesday 03/23

Date: March 23, 2021

# One thing to accomplish

- [ ]  Breaking out all the events and their upload frequency for the default algo config in a table? (Steve manual setup)

# TODO

- [x]  Extract out the tech debt from planr into a wiki page, and update it
- [x]  List out larger feature works to be completed
    - Firmware update
    - User interface encryption
    - Algorithm results upload/sharing using single data pipeline
- [ ]  Try to reproduce the atecc608a crash
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
    - [x]  Why can a wheel be build into empty, and how does wheel building actually work?
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Functional tests for:
    - [ ]  Core temps compression
    - [ ]  raw sensor upload test
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [ ]  Follow up with immigration lawyers on TN application
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll

---

# Notes

- People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- Really need to start thinking about a new FW release
- Firmware just not able to handle such a big encrypted blob?
- Interesting that removing the .a file does not remove it from the build files

---

# What am I grateful for today?

More advice from Charles. I have much more to do.

# What I could done better today?

Spend more time and focused more on the ATECC608A crashing bug.