# Tuesday 03/30

Date: March 30, 2021

# One thing to accomplish

- [x]  Fix python3.9 upgrade

# TODO

- [ ]  Temperature accuracy spike, current theory is algorithm possibly increase temp
    - [ ]  Next step quantify CPU cycle each algorithm take in worse case
    - [ ]  Reproduce with CPU busy loop, and measure possible temp increase
- [ ]  The temperature sample from TMP117 in p2.1 batch is slightly higher, we might need to do a offset in firmware
- [ ]  Really figure out a better way to do python.
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - karthik, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team

---

- [ ]  Compare the changes nanopb encode/decode message change after expanding pb_field_t size to 16
- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number

---

# Notes

### The story of updating Python3.9

- Just going through the PR and updating the build version
- build is segfaulting, at first we think it is openhtf cause of the unit test failure, but later....
- Turns out pc ble driver py actually doesn't work with python3.9, so start the long road of upgrading pc_ble_driver_py
- it need pc_ble_driver 4.1.4
- right now the wheels are build, but untested.....
- The gnbuild system somehow can't find the wheel unless it is run with -v verbose mode

```bash
# in side vcpkg nrf-ble-driver is conrolled at and can be updated
$ ports/nrf-ble-driver/portfile.cmake
# Need to update the sha516 hash but can be done with trail and error
```

- Somehow the pc_ble_driver_py 0.16.0 is not working, okay I am stupid, and there is some python magic happening
- It all work now finally.

# Questions to ask Jerry

1. What's next? How is the engineer manager seeking
2. Medical devices team, product futures? tPatch futures?
3. What are we doing for the next few month?
4. QMS, working for all verily, but blocking tpatch?
5. Who are the sensorsuite people, and reach out?

---

# What am I grateful for today?

1:1 with Jerry, learning a lot about the future of the medical device team.

Business plan going forward and possibly getting signal in the next month.

# What I could done better today?

Come up with a better feature road map for the next couple of weeks.