# Wednesday 05/19

Date: May 19, 2021

# Must accomplish

- [ ]  FT260 support I2C and GPIO
- [x]  Seismocardiography with accelstudy FW 100Hz

---

# Things to keep in mind

- Windows build might explode any time now
- FW build from 1.3 to main create really strange behaviours that is odd

---

# Notes

- Why is 3rdparty/coppa? coppa is 3rd party due to?
- A lot of clean up can be done to speed up the presubmit build time
- My hope and plan:
    - Familiarize with the code base
    - PR culture?
    - NFF does not have ECG analog sensors
- Chat with Kristin:
    - Catch up on life status
    - Data science team? Algo people?
    - EE and ME?
    - Where is the build? factory build trip?
    - What is the biggest challenge ahead?
    - What is the working relationship with FW teams like? Frictions?
    - Anyone else I should introduce myself with?
    - I don't want to be the person to come in and start telling people you are doing things wrong.
    - Slack...
- Chat with Filip:
    - Self introduction: Trustzone in Cortex A world, experienced in Wifi and BLE stack in Android kernel
    - Your experience?
    - What is the biggest pain point in the project right now?
    - What is each member's focus on the team?
    - What is your ideal state for FW on picard?
    - Open to us helping out with GN migration?
    - What is everyone's work flow like?
    - What is the current state of BLE vs WiFi?
    - coppa code based?
- Chat with Stephen:
    - Self intro...
    - How does affogato in relate to picard?
    - What is the relationship with Sensorsuite team and communication channel? Dave H in iteration planning/review was great
    - What is the appetite to improve the build system
    - What is the team culture like?
    - Also the culture? Just disable a test because it is flaky?
    - PBLite, what is going forward,

---

# TODO

- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  Schedule 1:1 with:
    - [ ]  Stephen
    - [ ]  Filipp
    - [ ]  Janice?
- [ ]  Schedule 3 way bi-weekly sync with Kristin and Fillip

---