# Wednesday 03/24

Date: March 24, 2021

# One thing to accomplish

- [x]  Fix Atecc608a crash

# TODO

- [ ]  Breaking out all the events and their upload frequency for the default algo config in a table? (Steve manual setup)
- [x]  Try to reproduce the atecc608a crash
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number
- [x]  Follow up with immigration lawyers on TN application
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll

---

# Notes

- babycare's release flow with slack integration for release note editing and pruning, something to look into.
- Tech deep dive review:
    - Introduce myself as tpatch FW lead
    - Also hand off to next speaker

---

# What am I grateful for today?

Support from Richard fixing the crashing FW so soon. Now we need to figure out how to get a new FW release out.

# What I could done better today?

Pay more attention in meetings, at same time have less meetings.