# Wednesday 03/31

Date: March 31, 2021

# Must accomplish

- [ ]  Setup 1:1 with one person on the list
- [ ]  Extend cobs pass 256 bytes
- [x]  Call IRS to confirm receipt of mail

# TODO

- [ ]  ESD changes for decommissione
- [ ]  Temperature accuracy spike, current theory is algorithm possibly increase temp
    - [ ]  Next step quantify CPU cycle each algorithm take in worse case
    - [ ]  Reproduce with CPU busy loop, and measure possible temp increase
- [ ]  The temperature sample from TMP117 in p2.1 batch is slightly higher, we might need to do a offset in firmware
- [ ]  Really figure out a better way to do python.
- [ ]  I need to understand the GN Python package build
- [ ]  Figure out user profile feature, and missing stuff.
- [ ]  Document dynamic algo config fields
- [ ]  People to talk to, or find excuse to talk to:
    - Brandon Wallace
    - Steve S
    - Ben Colin, hi
    - Ashu, hi
    - karthik, hi
    - David Ha, hi, Ask Verily device strategy
        - So Charles left, he mentioned you being a great person to talk to, especially regarding Verily device strategy. can we setup a time to chat and just say hi.
    - Stephen O'driscoll
- [ ]  Revamp release flow
- [ ]  Discussion with Decommissioned mode testing in app?
- [ ]  prepare new NUCs for the team

---

- [ ]  Compare the changes nanopb encode/decode message change after expanding pb_field_t size to 16
- [ ]  Figure out tPatch user + server interface slow down
- [ ]  Figure out how to deploy hermetic docker container
- [ ]  Update nrf ble to write large data in separate chunks
- [ ]  Write server interface unit tests and refactor it, separate server proto handler and server interface.
- [ ]  Figure out how to share common CTX in patchtool
    - [ ]  Click common tools
- [ ]  Patchtool to use env variable for ble dongle serial number

---

# Notes

- 

---

# What am I grateful for today?

I am happy with the long walk to get udon, I was able to spend most part of the day focusing on how to write cobs.

# What I could done better today?