---
publish: true
review-frequency: normal
link:
- '[[IEEE802.11]]'
- '[[WIFI]]'
tags:
- notes
---
2021-12-29-We
Date published: ?
Link: 

# IEEE802.11 General Description

# Claus 4.2

STA not fixed location
STA multiple distinct characteristics:
- portable STA
- QoS STA
- dependent STA
- hidden STA

QoS service guarantees within the limitation of medium properties.

Portable STA: STA move from location to location, but used while stationary
Mobile STA: STA used while in motion.

Stationary STA can appear mobile due to propagation effects.

EAPOL PDU is carried as MSDU within one or more data frames.

# Claus 4.3

Basic service set (BSS): An coverage area within with the member STAs cane remain in communication.

Basic service area (BSA)
Independent BSS (IBSS)
Personal BSS (PBSS): One STA assume the role of PBSS Control Point (PCP)

DMG (Directional Multi-gigabit) BSS, can be PBSS, or infrastrucutre BSS, or an IBSS.

STA become member of infrastructure BSS by synchronization procedure, or "associate". Association is dynamic and use distribution system service (DSS)
Mesh STA peers with other mesh STAs

Distribution system (DS) used to interconnect infrastructure BSSs. Provide logical services to handle address to destination mapping.

An access point (AP) is any entity that has STA and Distribution System Access Function (DSAF).
An AP uses its STA address on Wireless Medium (WM), and DSM address for DSAF.

ESS use same SSID, transparent to LLC, network of arbitrary size of multiple BSSs.

Signal area, mostly due to historical, tradition reasons. Signal volume is more accurate.

Integration with other LANs protocol are done through a "Porta" providing integration service. Handle addressing changes, logical mapping of MSDUs from DS to LAN.

Robust security network association (RSNA), security/crypto layer on top of phy.
1. IEEE802.1X Port Access Entity (PAE) present in all STAs, control forwarding of data to and from Medium Access Control (MAC). AP always have PAE and Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) authenticator.

2. Authentication Server (AS), authenticates element of RSNA itself. Communicate through Ieee 802.1X authenticator with IEEE 802.1X Supplicant. AS depend on EAP (crypto) method support mutual authentication (i.e. Public/private crypto).

When using password, PAE or AS is not needed.

Fast BSS transition relies on an external protocol to distribute keys. (Clause 13.2.2)

Centralized coordination service set (CCSS) handle DMG synchronization AP (S-AP) within cluster. Improves interference between member APs, to schedule transmissions non-overlappying time period.
In decentralized AP, single S-AP, or S-PCP, in the BSA. In centralized cluster, multiple S-APs in BSA, coordinated via single CCSS.
CCSS contain centralized coordination service root (CCSR), and set of synchronization APs (Stationary)

?? CCSS suited for area and frequency band, where BSAs of S-APs within the CCSS cover the area, and transmission within the area are isolated to a high degree.

Extended Centralized AP Cluster (ECAPC), single CCSS and accompanying set of centralized AP.

QoS enhancements available to QoS STAs associated on QoS AP, members of same QoS IBSS, or subset of enhancement between neighbor peer mesh STAs.

DMG STA is QoS STA, follows DMG BSS is also a QoS BSS.

QoS specific mechanisms a STA/AP support depend on implementation. Service primitives are part of core QoS facility, implemented by all. Function outside of core QoS facility is indicated by STAs.

QoS provide 4 mechanism:
Enhanced Distributed Channel Access (EDCA), traffic delivery based on user priorities (UP), using channel idleness, contention window for backoff, duration of transmission. (EDCA 10.22.2) (DMG STA 10.36.*)

Hybrid coordination function (HCF) controlled channel access (HCCA). Not applicable to DMG STA. Reservation of Transmission Opportunities (TXOPs) with Hybrid Coordinator (HC), for self transmission as AP to self transmission. Station Management Entity (SME) initiate request. HC collocated in AP.

Service Period (SP) access or Service Period Channel Access (SPCA), only to DMG STA. SP used to transmit to any other STA. Request initiated by non-AP STA SME. If accepted Extened Schedule element to scheudle SPEs for communication. (SP 10.36.6.2, 10.36.6.4, 10.36.6.6 and 11.4)

Dynamic Allocation (DA), only to DMA STA. Use in addition to SP and Contention Based Access Period. AP poll STA to receive channel time allocation request, AP accept and immediately allocate channel time for STA to communicate using Grand frame (within same beacon interval) (10.36.7, 10.36.8, 10.36.9)

WLAN radio measurement can be done by own self or requested from another STA.

The request/report measurements are as follows:
- Beacon
- Frame
- Channel Load
- Noise Histogram
- STA Statics
- Neighbor Report
- Link measurement
- Transmit Stream/Category Measurement

Request only: Measurement Pause
Report only: Measurement Pilot

Beacon request/report enable one STA obtain beacon, probe response, measurement pilot information from another STA.

Measurement pilot frame, subset of beacon frame information, transmit more frequent. To assist STA with scanning.

The Frame request/report provide all channel traffic, count of all frames received at measuring STA. Each unique transmitter have Transmitter address, number of frame received, average power level and BSSID.

Channel load request/report, channel utilization measurement observed by measuring STA.

Noise Histogram request/report power histogram of channel while STA is idle.

STA statistics request/report. STA counters and BSS Average Access Delay.

Location request/report, latitude, longitude, and altitude.

Measurement pause, request only. Delay individual measurements.

Neighbor request/report sent to AP, returned report include known neighbor AP, candidate for service set transition, or roaming candidates.

Link measurement request/report, RF characteristics of STA-to-STA link, instantaneous quality.

Transit stream/category Measurement request/report, query condition of stream while ongoing traffic between two STA.

Associated regulation Annex D specifically considered. Dynamic STA Enablement (DSE) automated channel provisioning and regulatory control to operate STA in licensed spectrum. Contention based protocol, (3650 MHz band required in US). Carrier sense multiple access with collision avoidance (CSMA/CA).

When CSMA/CA is insufficient, use DSE STA and location information procedure. (TODO more details here)
Number of optional 802.11 mechanism is available. (Specifics of each band in E.2)

High-throughput (HT) STA, PHY and MAC feature support 100 Mb/s, features identified in Clause 10 and Clause 19. When operating in 5GHz, compliant with PHY specification in Clause 17. When operating in 2.4GHz, compliant with PHY specification in Clause 16 and 18. HT STA == QoS STA. HT feature available to associated AP, subset of feature available to member STA of same BSS. (Also a long list of misc features.)

Very High-throughput (VHT) STA, operate only in 5GHz range. Superset of HT STA features. VHT features Clause 9, 10, 11, 14, 17, 21. (Some list of mandatory and optional PHY features), (Replace with list of mandatory and optional MAC features)

Television Very High-Throughput (TVHT) STA. Almost superset of VHT features. Operate in television white space (TVWS) bands. (Pretty much very close to VHT, just a lot of name replacement)

STA transmission of data frames outside context of BSS. Data frame can be send to individual or group address. Allows immediate communication, not utilizing IEEE802.11 features. Suited for very short communication exchange.

Tunneled direct-link setup (TDLS) signal frames transmitted through AP transparently. AP not needed for directly-link aware. TDLS power save mode, 2 mechanisms.

WNM service includes:
- BSS max idle period management
-- Max period of time AP will NOT disassociate a STA due to non-receipt of frames from STA, help improve STA power saving and AP resource management.

- BSS transition management

- Channel usage
-- Information from AP to non-AP STA, on channel outside of infrastructure BSS, or off-channel TDLS direct links

- Collocated interference reporting
-- Interference information from member STAs

- Diagnostic reporting
-- Request Non-AP STA to report diagnostic information for WLAN network

- Directed multicast service (DMS)
-- Enable request to AP transmit group address frame to STA as individual addressed frame

- Event reporting
-- Enable Non-AP STA send network event: Transition, RSNA, WNM log, and peer-to-peer link.

- Flexible multicast service (FMS)
-- Delivery traffic indication map (DTIM) delivery interval. FMS allow alternating DTIM delivery, to enable power saving on non-AP STA

- Location services
-- Location configuration Request and Response enable collection of location related parameters.

- Multiple BSSID capability
-- Ability to advertise multiple BSSID using single Beacon or Probe Response. Also enable indication of buffered frames for multiple BSSID using single TIM element in single beacon.

- Proxy Address Resolution Protocol (APR)
-- Enable AP to indicate non-AP STA does not receive APR frames, enable STA remain in power save mode longer

- QoS traffic capability
-- Enable STA indicate its QoS capability.

- SSID list
-- Enable non-AP STA to request information on list of SSID, hope to reduce probe request

- Triggered STA statistics
-- Statistic reporting when interest statistics reach predefined threshold.

- TIM broadcast
-- Mechanism for STA to indicate buffered individually addressed traffic, independent of Beacon frame.

- Timing measurement
-- Allow recipient STA to accurately measure offset in clock, and compensate clock drift.

- Fine timing measurement
-- Measure round trip time (RTT) between two STAs, to track location with other STAs.

- Traffic filtering service
-- Enable AP filter MSDUs or Management frames, based on traffic filter requested by STA. Discard non-matching traffic.

- U-APSD coexistence
-- Enable AP for used of U-APSD service period during non-AP STA requested transmission duration. This reduce likelihood of AP transmit frame during service period not received by STA.

- WNM notification
-- Allow STA to notify another of management event. IE, firmware update.

- WNM sleep mode
-- Extended power save mode, non-AP indicate to AP a length of time it sleep.

4.3.20 Mesh BSS (Skip for now)

DMG STA support throughput 1Gb/s and greater.Support beamforming.

DMG relay enable use of a third STA to relay data, when direct link is disrupted.

Robust AV streaming performance using 802.11 (4.3.23 Skip for now)

Geolocation database (GDB) mechanism for STA to query geolocation data dependent (GDD) enabling STA for local regulation information.

Clause 4.4 Logical service interfaces.

Station Service (SS); PCP Service (PCPS), and Distribution System Service (DSS). Used by IEEE 802.11 MAC sublayer

Station Service (SS), present in every IEEE 802.11 STA
a) Authentication (N/A when dot11OCBActivated == true)
b) Deauthentication (N/A when dot11OCBActivated == true)
c) Data confidentiality (N/A when dot11OCBActivated == true)
d) MSDU delivery
e) DFS
f) TPC
g) Higher layer timer synchronization (QoS facility only)
h) QoS traffic scheduling (QoS facility only)
i) Radio measurement
j) DSE

PBSS Control Point Service (PCPS)
a) Association
b) disassociation
c) Reassociation
d) QoS traffic scheduling

DS Service (DSS). A DS can be created from many different tech. IE 802.11 wired LAN. Either data link or network layer based, centralized or distributed.
a) Association
b) Disassociation
c) Distribution
d) Integration
e) Reassociation
f) QoS Traffic scheduling
g) DSE
h) Interworking with the DS

Many services specified by IEEE 802.11. Each services supported by one of more MAC frame types. Some supported via MAC management PDUs. MSDU delivery service supported by MAC Data frames. Access to Wireless Medium (WM) via 802.11 MAC sublayer medium access method (Clause 10).

MAC sublayer use Data, Management, Extension, and Control frame types. Data frame handled by MAC data plane, Management frame and Extension frames handled by MAC management plane. Control frames support delivery of 802.11 Data, Management, and Extension frames.

Distribution Service connect multiple AP STA together, it is implementation specific and out side of 802.11.

If distribution service determine intended recipient of MSDU is member of integrated LAN, output point of DS is to portal instead of AP.

Association service provide information regarding STA to transfer MSDU.

Three type of mobility types:
a) No-transition (Static, small local movement)
b) BSS-transition (STA movement from one BSS to another in same ESS)
c) ESS-transitoin (STA movement from BSS in a ESS to another BSS in another ESS)

MSDU delivery require DS to know corresponding AP for target STA. DS know this as association. Association is only enough to support no-transition mobility type.

Within a RSNA, 802.1X port determine data allowed over 802.11 link. Each association map to a 802.1X port, Controlled or Uncontrolled port. 802.1X controlled port block data traffic until authentication procedure completes successful.

At any given instance, STA is associated with no more than one AP, allow DS to answer which AP is serving STA X. (Scanning 11.1.4)

Reassociation invoked by non-AP STA, part of DSS. Allow changing association attribute to same STA. Only Fast BSS Transition facility can move RSNA, else delete old RSNA and create new RSNA.

Disassociation service can be invoked by any party. Is an notification, not request. Voids existing association information.

A RSNA use IEEE 802.1X authentication service such as TKIP, CCMP, GCMP to provide access control. Station Managment Entity (SME) provide key management via EAPOL-Key frames. Authentication operate at link level between STA only.
Authentication methods:
- Open System
- Shared Key authentication (WEP)
- Fast Transition authentication (Relies on key derived during initial association Clause 13).
- SAE authentication (Finite field cryptography)
- 802.1X-2010, Preshared-Keys (PSKs)

802.1X authentication service can be invoked independent of association. 802.11 require authentication before association establishment. SAE authentication prior to association, RSNA security established after association using shared key.

Deauthentication cause STA disassociation. Is notification, not request, can not be used. In RSN, 802.1X control port of STA is disabled, pairwise transient key (PTKSA) is deleted.

Data confidentiality service part of SS. Algorithms include: WEP, TKIP, CCMP, GCMP. WEP, TKIP based on ARC4^20. CCMP and GCMP based on AES.

802.11 provide CCMP and GCMP for individually addressed robust management frames.
802.11 provide CCMP for individually addressed and group addressed Data frames between mesh STAs.

4-way handshake, FT 4-way handshake, FT protocol, FT resource request protocol, and group key handshake to fresh cryptographic keys.