---
tags: 
link:
---
- [ ] Chess
- [ ] Japanese
- [x] PMO ✅ 2024-05-23

What is my 1000 word project look like?

I always been curious why have it been so hard for me to start writing. While I understand this is a hard thing for people to do in general, it always felt everyone have their own slightly different reason. Trying to introspect what is my personal reason.
To me part of this might be high startup cost? starting to write or create always had some barrier until the good part start. Doing a coding project require a lot of setup and preparing build environment. Which is always a slog to get through. And in the rare case where I do muster up enough startup energy to tackle the initial cost of entry, by the time I have got over the initial hump I am already lost interest in the project, or got distracted by something else. This is not like work, where there exist an external push function and guardrails to keep you focused. Your coworkers and bosses will keep you inlined with the task at hand. Maybe this is why I am personally enjoying dragon boating so much. This is a group activity, where participation does not require any cost of entry on my part. And once you joined there is a group of people that is doing it with you. You don't have to think about the training plan. You just have to show up and paddle.
This group buy in for me feels like a very powerful force at least for me.
Remind me from the James Clear's atomic habits, the best way to start a habit is joining a group of people doing your desired activity, that you belong to. I also wondering if some part of this is the group is mostly young Chinese, that made building connection much easier, and easier to feel belonging?

My day today!
Slow wake up today, slept through the alarm.
Coffee today was under-extracted, seems to be channeling really bad, second cup was slightly better, but not by much.
Extraction time ~20 sec ~50g.
PMOed, I feel the trigger was mostly boredom. Might need to block certain pages for trigger.