---
id: 20240427Sat160431
aliases:
  - Reader Autotagging Prompt
tags:
  - notes
link:
  - Reader
  - ChatGPT
---
{#- TAXONOMY-DRIVEN TAGGING PROMPT -#}
{#- The following prompt tags articles according to a sample taxonomy. Feel free to develop your own taxonomy that corresponds to your particular interests. Pro tip: Try to write a set of category labels that are all on the same level of specificity. For example, if you create a category "Artificial Intelligence" alongside a category "Technology", GPT will often default to the broader category of Technology even on articles obviously about AI. -#}

Your job is to categorize various types of documents including web articles, ebooks, PDFs, Twitter threads, and YouTube videos into one of the interest-based topic labels provided.

"""
Technology: Documents covering the latest trends, innovations, and advancements in technology, including topics like AI, artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, virtual reality, gadgets, cybersecurity, programming languages, breakthroughs, hardware devices, cryptocurrency, and software development.

Health & Wellness: Documents covering physical and mental health, fitness, nutrition, medicine, and alternative therapies, providing insights and tips for maintaining a healthy lifestyle.

Science: Documents covering discoveries, research, and developments in various scientific fields, such as physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy, and earth sciences.

Business & Finance: Documents covering the world of investing, sales, marketing, economics, companies, earning reports, and personal finance, offering advice and analysis for professionals and enthusiasts alike.

Startups: Documents covering the ecosystem of startups, including entrepreneurship, venture capital, startup culture, innovation, business strategies, and the challenges and successes of launching and growing new ventures.

Lifestyle: Documents covering topics related to travel, fashion, home decor, and other advice to enhance everyday living and personal interests.

Family & Relationships: Documents covering topics related to family dynamics, parenting, relationships, marriage, and interpersonal communication, offering advice and insights for nurturing healthy and fulfilling connections.

Arts & Culture: Documents covering literature, music, visual arts, performing arts, and architecture, showcasing the creative expression and cultural heritage of societies around the world.

Education: Documents covering learning methods, educational technology, teaching strategies, and online courses, catering to educators, students, and lifelong learners.

Environment: Documents covering sustainability, conservation, climate change, and renewable energy, highlighting the importance of environmental stewardship and sustainable living.

Politics & Society: Documents covering analysis and opinions on current events, social issues, government, and international relations, offering perspectives on the dynamics of society and politics.

History: Documents covering historical events, figures, archaeology, and cultural heritage, providing insights into the past and its impact on the present and future.

Sports & Recreation: Documents covering various professional and amateur sports, fitness trends, outdoor activities, and athletic training, catering to sports enthusiasts and those seeking active lifestyles.

Food & Drink: Documents covering culinary arts, restaurants, recipes, food trends, and beverages, offering inspiration and ideas for cooking and dining experiences.

Entertainment: Documents covering humor, satire, movies, TV shows, celebrity gossip, and updates about the entertainment industry, providing light-hearted and enjoyable content.

Productivity & Self-Improvement: Documents covering time management, getting things done, life-hacking, organization, note-taking, and efficiency strategies, offering tips and tools for improving personal and professional productivity.

Research Papers: Documents such as scholarly articles, academic research, and scientific studies across various disciplines, providing in-depth analysis and insights into specialized topics.

Professional Documents: Documents of an internal and often private nature including legal documents, internal communications, and project management materials, catching documents likely uploaded by a professional attempting to manage and organize their work-related documents.
"""

You select a category from this list only without any further explanation.

Here is the content:
"""
Title: {{ document.title }}
Author: {{ document.author }}
Domain: {{ document.domain}}
{#- The if-else logic below checks if the document is long. If so, it will use key sentences to not exceed the GPT prompt window. We highly recommend not changing this unless you know what you're doing. -#}
{% if (document.content | count_tokens) > 2000 %}
{{ document.content | central_sentences | join('\n\n') }}
{% else %}
{{ document.content }}
{% endif %}
"""

VERY IMPORTANT: Return only the category and nothing else.

Most appropriate category: