---
id: 20240521Tue230138
aliases:
  - Notes on Taking the work out of networking
tags:
  - notes
  - books
link:
  - "[[social]]"
  - "[[self improvement]]"
  - "[[career]]"
---
[[41746199-Karen-Wickre-readwise-hl]]
### Ask questions first. 
Next time you’re having coffee with someone you don’t know well (or at all—a coworker, friend of friend, fellow conference-goer), prompt them to tell you their story first. This works well by phone, too. Your opening line can be as simple as: “**We’ll get to me, but first I would love to hear how you (like working at company X)  or (have made your mark in X field or specialty or accomplishment). ” or “I’m still thinking about that conference/speaker. What has stayed with you from that talk?”** Especially if you are trying to find work in their company or industry, follow that with an invitation that’s a question: *“How did you get into company X?” “How long have you held job Y?” “Do you enjoy profession Z?”*

 ### Put your curiosity to work
 Curiosity is a mental skill, something you activate whether or not you’re meeting in person. When you are having an informational meeting (including by phone or video chat) with someone from the company or field you’re interested in, do your homework to make the best use of their time and yours by jumping right to the heart of what you’re there to do. After initial pleasantries, for example, tailor your opening gambit to the kind of topic you’re pursuing: “What I want to know is, how did you get the cat out of the chimney?!” (Referencing what you saw on their Instagram feed; an icebreaker that shows you’re paying attention to what they’re about.) “What was it like to be at Google in the early years?” (You learned this from LinkedIn.) “Do you enjoy writing regularly?” (You read their site, newsletter, or blog.)

### Be a keen observer. 
Where curiosity is largely mental, observation is more physical. It works best in person and has great value when you’re meeting someone new. Part of being a keen observer is how well you can put your new contact at ease (more often than guaranteeing a solid connection), and part of it is gathering your own sense of him or her. Some ways to work observation into the conversation: “Your glasses are so great—do you collect them?” (Clothing can be too personal to call out at a first meeting, but glasses or shoes are fairer to compliment.) “How do you like your phone cover/battery/notepad/pen?” (Which accessories they keep nearby tells you a bit about them.) Some things to consider during your conversation: Are they ill at ease and fidgety, or do they seem relaxed and comfortable? Are they strictly business, or do they reveal a bit about themselves, their preferences, or quirks? Your observational powers are also very helpful in group meetings: Ever notice the one person who is always the naysayer, or the interrupter? The “meeting after the meeting” person who can only debrief later? Who always has time for a friendly personal word, and who doesn’t? What you observe gives you an extra sense of understanding of others, and that can make your connections work more smoothly—simply based on who they show you they are.